Saved:        5/25/2026, 4:08:34 PM
Questions:    1
Technologies: rspec, pact
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
At PwC, our people in software and product innovation focus on developing cutting-edge software solutions and driving product innovation to meet the evolving needs of clients. These individuals combine technical experience with creative thinking to deliver innovative software products and solutions.

In quality engineering at PwC, you will focus on implementing leading practice standards of quality in software development and testing processes. In this field, you will use your experience to identify and resolve defects, optimise performance, and enhance user experience.

Growing as a strategic advisor, you leverage your influence, expertise, and network to deliver quality results. You motivate and coach others, coming together to solve complex problems. As you increase in autonomy, you apply sound judgment, recognising when to take action and when to escalate. You are expected to solve through complexity, ask thoughtful questions, and clearly communicate how things fit together. Your ability to develop and sustain high performing, diverse, and inclusive teams, and your commitment to excellence, contributes to the success of our Firm.

Skills

Examples of the skills, knowledge, and experiences you need to lead and deliver value at this level include but are not limited to:

Craft and convey clear, impactful and engaging messages that tell a holistic story.

Apply systems thinking to identify underlying problems and/or opportunities.

Validate outcomes with clients, share alternative perspectives, and act on client feedback.

Direct the team through complexity, demonstrating composure through ambiguous, challenging and uncertain situations.

Deepen and evolve your expertise with a focus on staying relevant.

Initiate open and honest coaching conversations at all levels.

Make difficult decisions and take action to resolve issues hindering team effectiveness.

Model and reinforce professional and technical standards (e.g. refer to specific PwC tax and audit guidance), the Firm's code of conduct, and independence requirements.

As part of the Software and Product Innovation team you are expected to manage quality engineering efforts, confirming the utmost standards of software quality. As a Senior Manager you are expected to lead large projects, innovate processes, and maintain operational excellence while interacting with clients at a senior level to drive project success. You are also expected to advocate for industry-leading practices and mentor QA teams.

Responsibilities

 Manage quality engineering efforts to maintain premium standards
 Lead large projects and innovate processes for operational excellence
 Interact with clients at a senior level to drive project success
 Advocate for industry-leading practices
 Mentor QA teams to enhance their capabilities
 Utilize specialized knowledge to deliver quality results
 Motivate and coach teams to solve complex problems
 Contribute to the overall success of the firm

What You Must Have

 7 years of experience
 Bachelor's degree or in lieu of a degree, demonstrating three years of specialized training and/or progressively responsible work experience in technology for each missing year of college

What Sets You Apart

 Master's Degree in Graphic Design, Computer and Information Science, Computer Graphics preferred
 ISTQB, CSQA/CSQE or equivalent certifications preferred
 Mastery in PwC Digital Quality Assurance Framework
 Skilled in Agile test plans and requirements traceability
 Proficiency in QA Testing strategies and tools
 Experience in test automation frameworks
 Knowledge of Performance Test Engineering
 Ability to conduct Root Cause Analysis of production bugs
 Skilled in maintaining QA environments and test data creation